# stackoverflow-answer-predictor
To predict expected answer for a stackoverflow.com question.

Introduction- Question and Answer (Q&A) sites help developers dealing with the increasing complexity of software systems and third-party components by providing a platform for exchanging knowledge about programming topics. A shortcoming of Q&A sites is that they provide no indication on what could be potential answer. Such an indication would help, for example, the developers who posed the questions in managing their time. It also could be very discouraging to young developers if they don’t have their doubts cleared. We will try to fill this gap by investigating whether and how answer for a question posted on StackOverflow, a prominent example of Q&A website, can be predicted. To fulfill this aim, we will first determine the types of answers to be considered valid answers to the question, after which the best answer answer is predicted.

In this project work, we are trying to predict the answer of a prospective question entered by a user on StackOverflow. We are going to use different data mining algorithms and will analyze by comparing their results. The main tasks to perform for this project are parsing of the questions tags, train the system based on tags and body and test the system with remaining data. We will predict accuracy of an algorithm by comparing the predicted answer to get a response against the existing answer from test data. This way we can decide the accuracy, precision, recall and the other metrics for an algorithm. The overall aim of a project is to have an idea of what could be possible answer on ​ stackoverflow.com​ .

The features of a good answer considered by us are:- ● Non-Stopwords ● No. of occurences of a word in given text. ● Relevance between the answerBody, questionBody and questionTags. ● Information provided by the data ● Unique words in the text ● Answer Subjectivity ● Answer Score ● Answer Upvotes ● Answer Downvotes ● Answerer Reputation ● Answer Comment Count ● Readability consensus of answer
